###  Brianna Thompson

MART441-Web-Tech

Homework 5

February 18, 2025

#### Copilot and Gemini

After creating my project, I threw the prompt into both Copilot and Gemini to see what they would generate. The code from Copilot was very different compared to mine, it used a while loop to create their random image array. was not too much different from my own, but it didn't work for either of them. When checking the console log, the game generated by Gemini was not locating the script.js. While the code from Copilot was only loading the first array but not the second. It really is incredible at just how flexible code can be sometimes. When we made previous projects, the code kickedback by the assignment prompts was very similar to my own, but as the projects grow more complex like with the choose-your-own-adventure, it becomes clear that code can actually be under a copyright. If the same prompt can kickback such different code of varying functionality, then it would be reasonable to say that the code I created for this project is unique to me. This is a cool little game project that has so many applications as it demonstrates basic point-and-click game mechanics and how to work with arrays.

#### Successes

I found quite a bit of success in setting up my first array (blank array) and the second array (image array). Even though it was a struggle, I was also able to get my game to flip over cards that were not properly matched.
#### Challenges 

The only real challenge that I had during the project was getting my loop for shuffling my array to work. This is where the choice to use a Fisher-Yates algorithm came from. I also had to debug the checkMatch as it was not returning the cards to facing down, this required additional research and a few failed attempts. I believe I spent more time on debuggign this than I did on the rest of the project.

#### Links:
Repository for UM Spring 2025 MART441 Web Technology:
https://github.com/PawziCat/mart441

Live Site:
https://pawzicat.github.io/mart441/hw5/
