Brianna Thompson
MART441-Web-Tech
Homework 3
February 3, 2025
Reflection on Generative AI and Coding:
  When I was completing the assignment, I ended up using both ChatGPT and Copilot to see what each of them pulled up when I pasted in the assignment prompt. I was really interesting to see that they both came up with, not surprisingly the two were pretty much the same. Even in comparison to my own code, it was almost identical in structure. It is really hard to truly plagerize code in my oppinion because it works in a specific way or not at all, there is a reason it is called a language.

  This being said, there still can be slight nuances and preferences between designers just like a dialect; such as the structure and scaffolding, naming mechanics and way things are annotated. Much of code is learned through open source resources online, with the exeption of trying to pass off templates as your own work, I think there really is no way to truly plagerize code. Now on a personal moral standard I can't decide it is acceptable to due to open source resources, if it is morally wrong as it can be seen as cheating or at best being laziness. For this reason I would personally not be able to justify turning in work only generated by AI, the work would not feel like it was entirely mine unless I was only using it as a reference point to start my own code. Yet it's not to say that this is without use, it is a great way to learn and helps your figure out what kind of scripts you will need to run in order to achieve what you're trying to do.

  I believe that I could adequetly describe the code that was written as the AI generates code that seems to follow the principles for structure and organization a designer should. ChatGPT also added notes in for you when you input the homework prompt. This is any important skill however as when you are collaborating with others, you will need to be able to interpret, follow and describe code that others wrote. it is also helpful when learning so that you know what each of the script, styles, and html does so you can see what your changes will effect.

Additional Notes:
  I of course did include some styling in my html for the background color, font, font color, alignment text and set up a grid layout with margins. For my popup window, I used it to tell my favorite joke "Why was the vulture dissatisfied with it's flight arrangements? I also added an image of a sketch that I made of a character I like to call the Existential Aye-Aye. The character was inspired by Edvard Munch and The Scream and gave it a title and brief description. I also included a little info on the page about The Scream, Edvard Munch and an image of the four iterations of The Scream. "

Links:
Repository for UM Spring 2025 MART441 Web Technology:
https://github.com/PawziCat/mart441

Live Site:
https://pawzicat.github.io/mart441/hw2/